# Introduction
A simple API to create and delete accounts/wallets as well as add and deduct from the account balances.

# Local Setup
 1. Navigate to the project directory and `composer install` to install vendor files.
 2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`.
 3. Execute `php artisan key:generate` in your terminal in your project directory.
 4. Configure a database and furnish the required details in the newly copied `.env` file.
 5. Execute `php artisan migrate:fresh --seed` to configure the database and seed a test user.

### Test Credentials
Email: test@example.com  
Password: 123qwe

# Endpoints
### Calling Endpoints
 1. All endpoints (except login) require authentication. Authentication is done via a Bearer Token Authorization header.
 2. For unauthenticated errors to be returned as JSON an `Accept: application/json` header should be passed.

### Available Endpoints
`POST`  `/api/login`  
Description: Generates a new token with the given login credentials.  
Parameters: email, password  
Note: This token will be required for protected endpoints. To be passed as a Bearer Token Authorization header.

`GET`  `/api/accounts/all`  
Description: Gets all accounts for the authenticated user.  
Parameters: N/A  
Note: Authenticate using the Bearer Token generated by the login endpoint.

`POST`  `/api/account/create`  
Description: Creates an account for the authenticated user with the provided name.  
Parameters: name  
Note: Authenticate using the Bearer Token generated by the login endpoint.

`POST`  `/api/account/delete`  
Description: Deletes the account specified for the authenticated user.  
Parameters: account_id  
Note: Authenticate using the Bearer Token generated by the login endpoint.

`GET`  `/api/account/balance`  
Description: Gets the account balance for the account specified for the authenticated user.  
Parameters: account_id  
Note: Authenticate using the Bearer Token generated by the login endpoint.

`POST`  `/api/account/balance/add`  
Description: Adds to the account balance for the specified account for the authenticated user.  
Parameters: account_id, amount (in cents)  
Note: Authenticate using the Bearer Token generated by the login endpoint.

`POST`  `/api/account/balance/deduct`  
Description: Deducts from the account balance for the specified account for the authenticated user.  
Parameters: account_id, amount (in cents)  
Note: Authenticate using the Bearer Token generated by the login endpoint.
